Cobalt/Admin version 0.01
===========================

Since the Cobalt developers have seen fit not to release a upgrade to Perl,
nor have they released a way to use the Cobalt administrative web site tools
with a more recent Perl, users of Cobalt RaQ3/3i/4's have been mostly out of
luck.

However, based on information from Richard Still found here:

	http://www.oakbox.com/articles/upgrade_perl.html

I was able to build Perl 5.6.1 which will correctly run the admin tools as is,
without any changes.  So I wrote this module to make it easier for others to do
it.  There are two ways to go about it:

1) Build Perl to use the libraries in their existing location (EASY WAY)
2) Install the Cobalt::* files into the Perl 5.6.1 tree where they belong along
with all supporting modules/software (HARD WAY)

Please follow the path that suits your needs.  I want to emphasize that
anything you do is completely unsupported by Cobalt/Sun and will likely void
whatever warranty you have.  Caveat Programmer...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    EASY WAY - COMPILING PERL 5.6.1 TO USE EXISTING COBALT LIBRARY FILES
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Download the latest Perl 5.6.x distribution from here:

	http://www.perl.com/pub/a/language/info/software.html

NOTE: after 5.8.0 has been released, it will be listed as the Stable Production
release and 5.6.1 will be listed under Previous Releases.  You cannot at this
time use 5.8.0 with the Cobalt modules because it is not binary compatible with
5.005.  Installing 5.8.0 will not only void your warranty, it will break the
admin tools and mod_perl.

Unpack the 5.6.1 distribution in an account (preferrably non-root) with a high
quota; you will need upwards of 60+ MB during the build process, but you can
delete that when you are done.  For example:

	$ tar -zxvf stable.tar.gz
	....lots of files extracted...

Now, copy the hints/cobalt.sh file from this distribution to the
perl-5.6.1/hints directory:

	$ cp Cobalt/hints/cobalt.sh perl-5.6.1/hints

and then build Perl in the following manner:

	$ cd perl-5.6.1
	$ ./Configure -D hintfile=cobalt -des
	$ make
	$ make test
	$ su
	# make install

This will build Perl 5.6.1 with the settings needed to use the Cobalt libraries
in their existing location.  You can now test the management interface.

If, for some reason beyond my understanding, something doesn't work right, you
can undo this installation by doing the following:

	$ su
	# cd /usr/bin
	# rm perl
	# ln -s perl5.005 perl

This will restore the former version of Perl 5.005, which will return the
management utilities to their former glory.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    HARD WAY - INSTALLING COBALT LIBRARY FILES AND DEPENDENCIES
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The advantage to this method is that you have the most recent versions of only
those modules required to operate the Cobalt administrative utilities.  The
modules shipped with the Cobalt installation of Perl 5.005 are, shall we say, a
little long in the teeth.

WARNING:  this method is not for the faint of heart!  You must be very
comfortable with your *nix skills and able to stomach the installation of
multiple executables and libraries into system directories.  I cannot emphasize
enough that this is totally going to void your warranty, and may just trash
your machine.  Do this only on a system that is fully backed up and is not live!
Not only am I not responsible for anything that goes wrong, I disavow all
knowledge of your activities.

Follow the above instructions to build and install Perl but do not use the
hints file.  Instead, build Perl like this:

	$ cd perl-5.6.1
	$ ./Configure -D prefix=/usr -des
	$ make
	$ make test
	$ su
	# make install

Your management interface is now broken.  You will need to install the
following software and modules in order to return it to correct operation:

Expat - release 1.95.0 or newer, available from

	http://sourceforge.net/projects/expat/

although I recommend that you install it into the /usr tree instead of
/usr/local, so you would use

	$ cd expat-1.95.4
	$ ./configure --prefix=/usr
	$ make
	$ su
	# make install

Once you have installed Expat, you must install the following modules:

	Module		Version
	-------		-------
	gettext		1.01
	pgsql_perl	5-1.9.0
	XML::Parser	newest
	MIME::Base64	newest
	Quota		newest
	GD		1.19	- old version to support GIF's
	Cobalt::Admin	0.01

in roughly that order.  To ease installation, you can also use CPAN to install
Bundle::Cobalt, which will automatically install those modules properly.

NOTE: this method simply copies the Cobalt::*, Apache::*, and mod_perl* modules
out of their existing locations into the siteperl/5.6.1 tree.  This should be
fine because we are not recompiling mod_perl and none of the modules copied is
compile code.

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

You may distribute under the terms of either the GNU General Public
License or the Artistic License, as specified in the Perl README file.

Please see the copyright notices in each of the individual modules.  Note
especially that there may be licensing issues with regard to generating GIF
images with the GD module.

Copyright (C) 2002 John Peacock <jpeacock@rowman.com>

